Till now,Studied different model /algorithms of machine learning.

First one is Linear Regression:
	This algorithm is one of the easy algorithm of the machine learning which is used to predict some values
	based on some given values(which are known as features).This model is used for prediction of values.
Second one is Logistic Regression:
	This is an classification algorithm which can be use to classify whether the given value belongs to 
	particular class or not.It is a linear classification of data.It cannot classify data which are not 
	linearly separable.
Third one is Support Vector Machine(SVM):
	This is also an classification algorithm which can be use to classify multiple classes,but all classes
	should be linearly separable.And it is best suited when number of features are more than number of samples.
	If number of samples are large then this algorithm is not best. 
Fourth one is Artificial Neural Network:
	This is also an classification algorithm which can easily classify all type of data.But its 
	computational time is more than logistic regression,and SVM.
Fifth One is Convolutional Neural Network:
	This is also a classification algorithm which is used for image processing ,it can easily classify
	the images.Computation takes a lot of time.
Sixth One is Random Forest Classifier:
	This is also an classification algorithm which is used to interpret the data using some features
	and give the final class.It is an ensemble bagging approach which uses more than 1 Decision
	tree classifier to interpret the model.
Final Observation is:
If u r going for normal prediction ,then linear regression is best.
If classification of normal data ,and number of features are more than sample size then SVM,
				and not wanted good accuracy and less computation time and data is linearly separable then Logistic regression
				and wanted good accuracy ,no matter what kind of data is,then ANN
				and also can use Random forest classifier 
If classification of image ,then use CNN.